Adding the blog for daily papers (#2353)
huggingface/blog: daily-papers.md

# Exploring the Daily Papers Page on Hugging Face 

> In the fast-paced world of research, staying up-to-date with the latest advancements is crucial. To help developers and researchers keep a pulse on the cutting-edge of AI, we introduced the [Daily Papers](https://huggingface.co/papers) page. Since its launch, Daily Papers has featured high-quality research selected by [AK](https://huggingface.co/akhaliq) and researchers from the community. Over the past year, more than 3,700 papers have been featured and the page has grown to over 12k subscribers! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the fast-paced world of research, staying up-to-date with the latest advancements is crucial. To help developers and researchers keep a pulse on the cutting-edge of AI, Hugging Face introduced the [Daily Papers](https://huggingface.co/papers) page. Since its launch, Daily Papers has featured high-quality research selected by [AK](https://huggingface.co/akhaliq) and researchers from the community. Over the past year, more than 3,700 papers have been featured, and the page has grown to over 12k subscribers! 
```

## 📑 Claim your Papers

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/-SfUilxjvtiJHeic3DWhE.png)

On the Daily Papers page, you’ll notice author names listed under the title of each paper. If you're one of the authors and have a Hugging Face account, you can [claim your paper](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages) with a single click! After claiming, the paper will be automatically linked to your account, adding visibility to your research and helping build your personal brand in the community. 

This feature makes it easy for the community to connect with you and your work, creating more opportunities for collaboration and interaction.

## ⏫ Submit Papers

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/CB3cIPcOI0nERSHpvteVP.png)

The paper submission feature is open to all users who’ve claimed a paper. Users don’t have to limit submissions to their own work, they can also share interesting research papers that would benefit the community.

> This allows us to maintain an up-to-date and ever-expanding collection of research in the AI field, curated by the community! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows Hugging Face Papers to maintain an up-to-date and ever-expanding collection of research in the AI field, curated by the community! 
```

## 💬 Chat with Authors

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/0iop6EG5MeCriK92MBRLX.png)

Under each paper, there is a discussion section where users can leave comments and engage in direct conversations with the authors. Tagging the authors (@username) can lead to real-time feedback, questions or discussion of the research. 

> This feature fosters interaction, bringing together researchers from all levels. Everyone, from beginners to experts can contribute their ideas, making the global AI community even more connected and inclusive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature fosters interaction, bringing together researchers from the whole community. Everyone, from beginners to experts can contribute their ideas, making the global AI community even more connected and inclusive.
```

"from all levels" sounds a bit weird imo

> This feature fosters interaction, bringing together researchers from the whole community. Everyone, from beginners to experts can contribute their ideas, making the global AI community even more connected and inclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature fosters interaction, bringing together researchers from the whole community. Everyone, from beginners to experts, can contribute their ideas, making the global AI community even more connected and inclusive.
```

Whether to ask clarifying questions or share constructive feedback, it opens the door to meaningful dialogue and can even spark new ideas or collaborations.

## 🔗 All You Need in One Page

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/flNjYihJjvWTB4q_hfbvl.png)

> On each paper’s page, you’ll find related [resources](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages), such as models, datasets, Spaces and other useful collections, all linked on the right side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On each paper’s page, you’ll find related [resources](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages), such as models, datasets, demos and other useful collections, all linked on the right side.
```

> Authors can easily associate their models or datasets with their paper by simply adding paper's arXiv link to the README.md file of their resources. This feature not only gives authors a chance to highlight their work but also helps users access everything they need in one convenient place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Authors can easily associate their models or datasets with their paper by simply adding paper's arXiv URL to the README.md file of their resources. This feature not only gives authors a chance to highlight their work but also helps users access everything they need in one convenient place.
```

> Authors can easily associate their models or datasets with their paper by simply adding paper's arXiv URL to the README.md file of their resources.This feature not only gives authors a chance to highlight their work but also helps users access everything they need in one convenient place. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authors can easily associate their models or datasets with their paper by simply adding the paper's arXiv URL to the README.md file of their resources. This feature allows authors to highlight their work and helps users access everything they need in one convenient place. 
```

> ## 🗳 Show Your Support with Upvotes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🗳 Show your Support with Upvotes
```

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/aHDhq4kfSxkUJUK9O6W_z.png)

You can support the paper by clicking the upvote button in the top-right corner. This allows the community to recommend the paper and support the author's work. The upvote feature highlights influential and innovative research, helping more people discover and focus on excellent papers.

For authors, each upvote acts as a recognition of their efforts and can be a source of motivation to continue producing high-quality research.

## 🙋 Recommend Similar Papers

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/U1IwjaQJBOQ5rv32T8VTh.png)

> By typing @librarian-bot in the comment section, the system will automatically suggest related papers. This feature is great for those looking to dive deeper into a topic or explore similar ideas. It’s like having a personal AI-powered research assistant! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system will automatically suggest related papers by typing @librarian-bot in the comment section. This feature is great for those looking to dive deeper into a topic or explore similar ideas. It’s like having a personal AI-powered research assistant! 
```

## 🔠 Multilingual Comments and Translation

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/uNQLpYKV6bnYGJfFqPuZs.png)

At Hugging Face, we value diversity and that extends to language as well. On the Daily Papers page, users can leave comments in any language, and our built-in translation feature will ensure everyone can understand and contribute.
 

> Whether you’re providing feedback, discussing a question or exchanging ideas, this feature helps break down language barriers, making global collaboration even easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you’re providing feedback, discussing a question, or exchanging ideas, this feature helps break down language barriers, making global collaboration even easier.
```

## ✅ Subscription

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/nhmtanbDgQB51XCUryTbG.png)

> You can subscribe to Daily Papers by clicking the "Subscribe" button at the top of the page. You'll receive daily updates (excluding weekends) with the latest papers straight to your inbox. 📩
> This feature makes it easy to browse the latest titles at a glance and jump into any research that catches your eye. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can subscribe to Daily Papers by clicking the "Subscribe" button at the top of the page. You'll receive daily updates (excluding weekends) with the latest papers straight to your inbox. 📩

This feature makes it easy to browse the latest titles at a glance and jump into any research that catches your eye. 

```

## 💡 Interactive Features with arXiv

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/AOLHbUcjJbvTlRdOKFx4q.png)

> There’s also some cool interaction between Daily Papers and arXiv. For example, you can easily check if a paper on arXiv has already been featured on Hugging Face's Daily Papers page. If you spot the familiar emoji 🤗 on the page, you can click it to jump straight to the paper page on Daily Papers and explore all the features mentioned above. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There’s also some cool interaction between Paper Pages and arXiv. For example, you can easily check if a paper on arXiv has already been featured on Hugging Face's Daily Papers page. If you spot the familiar emoji 🤗 on the page, you can click it to jump straight to the paper page on Daily Papers and explore all the features mentioned above. 
```

> There’s also some cool interaction between Paper Pages and arXiv. For example, you can easily check if a paper on arXiv has already been featured on Hugging Face's Daily Papers page. If you spot the familiar emoji 🤗 on the page, you can click it to jump straight to the paper page on Daily Papers and explore all the features mentioned above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There’s also some cool integration between Paper Pages and arXiv. For example, you can easily check if a paper on arXiv has already been featured on Hugging Face's Daily Papers page. If you spot the familiar emoji 🤗 on the page, you can click it to jump straight to the paper page on Daily Papers and explore all the features mentioned above. 
```

> To use arXiv to Daily Papers feature, you'll need to install an extention, which you can find here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/arxiv-to-hf/icfbnjkijgggnhmlikeppnoehoalpcpp.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use arXiv to HF Paper Pages feature, you'll need to install an extention, which you can find here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/arxiv-to-hf/icfbnjkijgggnhmlikeppnoehoalpcpp.
```

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/MvUS1d5t5ibM2TOKT8i-S.png)

> On arXiv, you can also check if a paper has a demo hosted on Hugging Face Spaces. If the author has added a link, you can click it to jump directly to the Space and try out the demo yourself! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On arXiv, you can also check if a paper has a demo hosted on Hugging Face Spaces. If the author has added a link, you can click it to jump directly to the Space and try out the demo yourself!
```

> We hope this guide helps you make the most of [Daily Papers](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages) on Hugging Face.By utilizing all these features, you can stay up-to-date with the latest research, engage with authors and contribute to the growing AI community. Whether you're a researcher, developer or curious beginner, Daily Papers is here to help you connect with the top AI research!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope this guide helps you make the most of [Daily Papers](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages) on Hugging Face. By utilizing all these features, you can stay up-to-date with the latest research, engage with authors, and contribute to the growing AI community. Whether you're a researcher, developer or curious beginner, Daily Papers is here to help you connect with the top AI research!
```

# Exploring the Daily Papers Page on Hugging Face 

In the fast-paced world of research, staying up-to-date with the latest advancements is crucial. To help developers and researchers keep a pulse on the cutting-edge of AI, Hugging Face introduced the [Daily Papers](https://huggingface.co/papers) page. Since its launch, Daily Papers has featured high-quality research selected by [AK](https://huggingface.co/akhaliq) and researchers from the community. Over the past year, more than 3,700 papers have been featured, and the page has grown to over 12k subscribers! 

However, many people may not have fully explored all of the features Daily Papers offers. This article will guide you through some hidden functionalities to help you make the most of this platform.

## 📑 Claim your Papers

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/-SfUilxjvtiJHeic3DWhE.png)

> On the Daily Papers page, you’ll notice author names listed under the title of each paper. If you're one of the authors and have a Hugging Face account, you can [claim your paper](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages) with a single click! After claiming, the paper will be automatically linked to your account, adding visibility to your research and helping build your personal brand in the community. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the Daily Papers page, you’ll notice author names listed under the title of each paper. If you're one of the authors and have a Hugging Face account, you can [claim your paper](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages#claiming-authorship-to-a-paper) with a single click! After claiming, the paper will be automatically linked to your account, adding visibility to your research and helping build your personal brand in the community. 
```

## ⏫ Submit Papers

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/CB3cIPcOI0nERSHpvteVP.png)

The paper submission feature is open to all users who’ve claimed a paper. Users don’t have to limit submissions to their own work, they can also share interesting research papers that would benefit the community.

This allows Hugging Face Papers to maintain an up-to-date and ever-expanding collection of research in the AI field, curated by the community! 

## 💬 Chat with Authors

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/0iop6EG5MeCriK92MBRLX.png)

Under each paper, there is a discussion section where users can leave comments and engage in direct conversations with the authors. Tagging the authors (@username) can lead to real-time feedback, questions or discussion of the research. 

This feature fosters interaction, bringing together researchers from the whole community. Everyone, from beginners to experts, can contribute their ideas, making the global AI community even more connected and inclusive.

> Whether to ask clarifying questions or share constructive feedback, it opens the door to meaningful dialogue and can even spark new ideas or collaborations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whether to ask clarification questions or share constructive feedback, it opens the door to meaningful dialogue and can even spark new ideas or collaborations.
```

## 🔗 All You Need in One Page

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/flNjYihJjvWTB4q_hfbvl.png)

> On each paper’s page, you’ll find related [resources](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages), such as models, datasets, demos and other useful collections, all linked on the right side.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On each paper’s page, you’ll find related [resources](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paper-pages#linking-a-paper-to-a-model-dataset-or-space), such as models, datasets, demos and other useful collections, all linked on the right side.
```

Authors can easily associate their models or datasets with their paper by simply adding the paper's arXiv URL to the README.md file of their resources. This feature allows authors to highlight their work and helps users access everything they need in one convenient place. 

## 🗳 Show Your Support with Upvotes

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/aHDhq4kfSxkUJUK9O6W_z.png)

You can support the paper by clicking the upvote button in the top-right corner. This allows the community to recommend the paper and support the author's work. The upvote feature highlights influential and innovative research, helping more people discover and focus on excellent papers.

For authors, each upvote acts as a recognition of their efforts and can be a source of motivation to continue producing high-quality research.

## 🙋 Recommend Similar Papers

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/U1IwjaQJBOQ5rv32T8VTh.png)

> By typing @librarian-bot in the comment section, the system will automatically suggest related papers. This feature is great for those looking to dive deeper into a topic or explore similar ideas. It’s like having a personal AI-powered research assistant! 

Reviewer 3: Alternative to keep `@librarian-bot` first:

```suggestion
If you type @librarian-bot in the comment section, the system will automatically suggest related papers. This feature is great for those looking to dive deeper into a topic or explore similar ideas. It’s like having a personal AI-powered research assistant! 
```

## 🔠 Multilingual Comments and Translation

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/uNQLpYKV6bnYGJfFqPuZs.png)

> At Hugging Face, we value diversity and that extends to language as well. On the Daily Papers page, users can leave comments in any language, and our built-in translation feature will ensure everyone can understand and contribute.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At Hugging Face, we value diversity, and that extends to language as well. On the Daily Papers page, users can leave comments in any language, and our built-in translation feature will ensure everyone can understand and contribute.
```

 
Whether you’re providing feedback, discussing a question, or exchanging ideas, this feature helps break down language barriers, making global collaboration even easier.

## ✅ Subscription

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/nhmtanbDgQB51XCUryTbG.png)

You can subscribe to Daily Papers by clicking the "Subscribe" button at the top of the page. You'll receive daily updates (excluding weekends) with the latest papers straight to your inbox. 📩

This feature makes it easy to browse the latest titles at a glance and jump into any research that catches your eye. 

## 💡 Interactive Features with arXiv

![image/png](https://cdn-uploads.huggingface.co/production/uploads/63a369d98c0c89dcae3b8329/AOLHbUcjJbvTlRdOKFx4q.png)

There’s also some cool integration between Paper Pages and arXiv. For example, you can easily check if a paper on arXiv has already been featured on Hugging Face's Daily Papers page. If you spot the familiar emoji 🤗 on the page, you can click it to jump straight to the paper page on Daily Papers and explore all the features mentioned above. 

> To use arXiv to HF Paper Pages feature, you'll need to install an extention, which you can find here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/arxiv-to-hf/icfbnjkijgggnhmlikeppnoehoalpcpp.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use the arXiv to HF Paper Pages feature, you'll need to install an extention, which you can find here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/arxiv-to-hf/icfbnjkijgggnhmlikeppnoehoalpcpp.
```
